hey what's up guys explanation pro is
here today i'll explain a comedy dark
comedy film titled the dictator spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
the film begins with a news broadcast
the report contains information about
admiral general aladine's dictorial rule
over his nation he is the son of colonel
aladine a dictorial and savage leader he
was born in 1973 and never knew his
mother as it was widely believed that
she died shortly after giving birth to
him but a doctor assassinated her he is
well known for his beard ignorance and
the 14 gold medals he has earned in his
self-created competition he obtained the
medals by defrauding his competitors by
shooting them before they passed him and
controlling the crew to adjust the
finish line close to him the news
revolves around the issue of nuclear
weapons aladdin doesn't know the other
see it and it results in the public
becoming doubtful and upset with him he
continually finds a method to evade
these escalating challenges however
until he makes a statement on his palace
that two months later everyone will bow
in front of their magnificent nation as
they enrich uranium for peaceful
purposes in medical research his
ignorance captivates his audiences but
he doesn't know that everyone only
adheres because of their fear of him
when a lady enters their laboratory his
uncle tamir greets him by smelling his
armpit he speaks with the scientists
about revealing their nuclear weapon but
aladin is dissatisfied with the
conclusion and locates nadal his old
scientist there the present scientist
informs him that he has already sacked
him aladdin begins to recall the
incident recalling that he executed him
as a result of the quarrel reiterates
the appearance of a nuclear weapon as
depicted in cartoons since scientists
contradicts everything he says he gets
sentenced to death and later he tells
his current scientist that he recalls it
but he feels insulted so he executes him
uncle tamir convinces him to speak the
truth in the united nations about the
absence of nuclear weapons hoping that
the sanction against him would be lifted
and they will be allowed to export their
wadia's oil alladin disagrees stating
that he will not sell vadiya's oil to
anyone he is shot in the head as he
exits his gold vehicle he did it to show
the world his might but in truth it's
simply another person with the same face
due to the fact that the only person who
resembled him is no longer living they
decided to look for someone who does
fortunately they find someone who fits
their criteria and grooms him to look
like him including shortening his
eggplant in the next scene aladdin is
having a pleasurable night with megan
after aladdin induced himself with
megan's hole of wonders
they quickly snap a picture and megan
departs as she still has a round two
with the prime minister as much as
elladeen wants her to stay megan has to
leave so he obtains their photograph and
posts it on his wall we can see several
pictures that he takes to the kingdom of
pleasure including several prominent
hollywood figures the following day
uncle tamir's informed aladine that the
united nations have invited him to give
information about nuclear weapons as a
result alladin convenes a meeting with
his generals to reveal his scheme he
informs them that he would travel to
america and speak for 14 hours using
baby noises in order to ensure that they
would not understand him
aladdin makes his way to america the
public greets him with a rally
expressing their contempt for him
however he remains unconcerned his
entrance is opulent it appears to be a
parade with his female guards whom he
keeps their virginity and various sports
cars he is currently staying at the
lancaster hotel there he meets mr
clayton he identifies himself as a guard
in order to bolster his security they
customize his role to his specifications
that night he is kidnapped and taken to
a secluded location where he is tortured
before killing him
at first aladdin is on concert because
he expresses his opinions regarding the
weapons mr clayton the kidnapper will
torture him mr clayton trims his beard
and fires it but the attempt fails when
the flames collide with his body aladin
is able to escape as the flames scorch
his handcuffs there he convinces a
bypasser to exchange his garments and
promises to offer him something in
exchange
after a while alladin persuades the
guard that he is alladin but he finds
out that uncle tamir uses his look alike
to take over his speech
aladin is enraged he yells foul language
and the protesters imitate him believing
he is leading the protest chant the fake
alladin is set to commence his address
however he shows his extremely bubbling
manner in front of the audience he
drinks from the pitcher and then pees on
it he raises the picture to showcase his
pee and then consumes it everyone is
uneasy at the moment due to his actions
but he subsequently delivers his written
speech which contains the long-awaited
democracy in wadia additionally he
claims that he will sign the paper in
five days later on what dia's
independence day his speech ends up
being a source of excitement for
everyone
aladdin explodes in anger and swiftly
climbs the fence to defend his belief
that the residents of wadia like
oppression but the police apprehended
him by gunning him water zory transports
him to her vehicle in order to save him
there she begins her introduction
she asserts boldly that she is a vegan
feminist and a non-profit cooperative
functioning within an anti-racist and
anti-oppressive framework for people of
all genders or none however aladdin
continues to be impolite and unpleasant
zoe reminds him that her entire staff is
made out of former political refugees
alladin then begins insulting her store
and employees zoe confronts him about
his inappropriate behavior and exits the
store shortly aladdin is alone wandering
the place until he sees nadal
he follows him everywhere until he
reaches the death of aladine restaurant
the customers there recognize his face
he covers up himself but he fails but
nadal intervenes and saves him aladine
begins telling him everything and nadal
strikes a deal he offers to save him but
he has to make him the head of the
nuclear research alladin agrees nadal
and alladin are now roaming the place
there he sees zoe having a gate pass
nadal tells him that he needed her to
enter the place so alladin immediately
heads to zoe's store and apologize he
also tells her that he wants to work so
zoey allows his work on her store out of
her kindness but alladin messes
everything nadal intends to take a
helicopter ride as a tourist to inspect
the lancaster hotel's weak points he
informs aladdin that he must behave
naturally but during their ride aladdin
and nadal continue to speak their
language which their colleagues
misunderstand and as a result they end
up in jail then zoe makes her way to the
jail to defend him aladin is taken aback
by zoe's determination to save him
alladin is successfully freed following
the argument and uncle tamir sees him on
the news and instructs etra to invade
him they are now at the store aladin is
extremely grateful to zoe and as a token
he offers his banana to munch but zoe
declines zoe notices that he is acting
strangely and confronts him asking if he
has ever had
masturbation to which he responds fort
rightly thus zoe demonstrates how to do
it aladino bases all of her commands
until he achieves the pinnacle of
satisfaction after finishing the
activity he proudly exits the room and
informs everyone in the vicinity about
his experience which he refers as
self-juicing
that night etra the girl with large
boobs begins to invade him however
alladin succeeds in reversing her course
of action the following day the officer
comes to visit their store but refuses
to continue the deal as he proves that
the sanitary inspection scores have low
ratings also he gets disgusted because
alladin tells him that zoe teaches him
to do self-juicing zoe is now
disappointed however alladin devises a
scheme to sully their competitor's
reputation to reclaim what they are
supposed to have
a lady now dominates the store he
modifies their established routine and
results in significant adjustments and
success for their store their sanitary
level increases to an a at this time as
he kidnaps the officer's family in
charge of the grades
also they earned the lancasters again as
they reject the green world market after
all their reputation got ruined because
they found a piece of beheaded that
which aladdin plays on their store in
the next scene nadal informs him that he
got awake to replace his beard but
aladdin says that he wants a real beard
so they find it and sees a dead body
with a beard that fits his standard they
join the wick and nadal is razoring the
beard but the people need to enter the
door so they run bringing the dead man's
head on the rooftop zoe and aladine are
caressing each other he even licks and
kisses the armpits of zoey that is full
of hair out of his love for her after
that zoe confesses her feelings and
aladine confesses that he is not allison
but admiral general and the dean of
wadia zoe gets shocked by his confession
and she asks him to leave aladdin is
wandering around the city alone he feels
depressed reflecting on how he lost his
wealth also he sees on the screen how
people express their anger and hatred
against him as a result he heads on the
bridge to commit suicide but nadal came
into the picture then aladdin asked him
what he is doing there and then tells
him that he keeps texting him seven
times alladin is determined to end his
life but nadal tells him that he is the
last dictator of this world and he has
to continue his legacy up to the next
generation the day has come everyone is
excited as they are going to welcome
their new chapter of life nadal uses a
self-made tool to get into the room of
the fake aladin afterwards he uses it
but it fails because he is heavy he then
uses it but it fails due to his weight
thus he discards everything that causes
him to become heavy even his poop and
quickly enters the room successfully he
directs his lookalike to go and uncle
tamir then enters the room to get him
the paper is about to be signed of him
but he reveals who he is and tells that
uncle tamir has assigned someone to
assassinate him everyone is stunned now
after the revelation aladdin strips out
the constitution he begins to tell that
he will not sign the paper and tries to
enlighten how bad democracy is
but his decision flip when he sees zoe's
eyes he revoked what he said and
declared that democracy is now approved
zoe sprints to him intending to kiss him
she adores his decision and aladine
tells her that he wants her to be one of
his wives but later revokes it
zoe and aladine are now at the palace
the entire wedding is now rejoicing on
their wedding the film concludes with
dendal demonstrating his new bomb
following his previous standards but
alladin declares that he doesn't care no
matter what the look is nadal is
devastated at the moment because he went
to great lengths to create the bomb that
aladine believes makes no sense before
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this see you in the
next video